db.mikesFridge.insert({
  name: "",
  beername: '',
  brewery: '',
  style: '',
  abv: ,
  cold: ,
  quantity: ,
  image: '',
  price: ,
  ordered: new Date("201x-xx-xx"),
  size: '',
  description: ""
});

db.mikesFridge.insert({
  name: "Cider Master Reserve Batch No. 1",
  beername: 'cidermasterreserve',
  brewery: '2 Towns',
  style: 'Cider',
  abv: 6.9,
  cold: false,
  quantity: 1,
  image: 'http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-Xk4P82sL5KU/VXeoUqf9RwI/AAAAAAAAI2g/lXCey0JP7L8/s1600/IMG_6222.JPG',
  price: 14.99,
  ordered: new Date("2015-06-12"),
  size: '750m bottle',
  description: "Pursuing excellence sometimes requires breaking all the rules, and pulling all the stops. Nothing exemplifies this more than 2 Towns Cider Master Reserve Batch No. 1. In a bold move, 2 Towns marries four different barrel vintages with four different heirloom apple varieties to create the champagne of the cider world. But an intense focus on barreling and a limited supply of select artisan apples means only 300 cases of these beauties were made – and the entire craft community has to share them. The vibrant elegance and dry fruit notes of Batch No. 1 herald their diverse barrel ancestry of Rum, Bourbon, Bordeaux and Brandy – each sip is an exquisite dive into uncommon fruity depths and complex vinous flavor. This masterful barrel select blend builds off the trademark dryness of a traditional English-style cider and transcends into apple divinity. Plump Bramley Seedlings deliver their favored tartness, revered Ashmead Kernels and classic Newtown Pippins bring a deviled sweetness; Chisel Jersey apples insert a genius spark of bitter accents. Bordeaux and Brandy leave the strongest imprint on the effervescent body, each lending a buttery oak richness that stretches long across the palate. However, after a glass or two the crisp, apple soaked skin of Bourbon arrives like a sweet, boozy Hallelujah. A sophisticated cider of this high caliber is usually reserved for big bang celebrations split amongst a crowd but you want more than a measly pour of this masterpiece – the profound intricacies of Batch No. 1 deserve to be savored solo. "
});
